okay let's about the cause of death by
Photo
first you need to determine the person died or
No, this is a very difficult topic, but
I'll try to explain at school
it’s not clear and this topic has already been
voiced in order to determine
alive man or honey as they do from
newbie search engines that are very rare
the first are mistaken that any living
man has a connection with the cosmos with god
that is, the channel is the first thing that is done
look at the pictures look if
energy channel if the channel is not that
there is totally you know how black is over
head this first means already
or in a coma or something but here is
something is very bad then there is no connection
there is no connection or well, absolutely crazy
there is totally a million without mind or
he is dead this is the first one there is no channel
determined if we saw that channel
No, this does not mean that a person is dead
until the end of what we see works
whether the heart here if the heart is not working
You know how the heart is pulsing
look tune in to the heart
look at the person in the photo
whether it pulses make and visualization
how to look in the school of dreams read
the textbooks have looked at the heart of everything
there is not pulsing and that's not enough then
there may be further there
there is still
oh such a photograph
and it blows from the cold just blows
cold
that means, too, most likely a person
dead personally i always have me
dead eyes they rush me
look sad sad look
empty sad look and cry here
just crying that's why I don't know that is
Here is such an effect I do with it
did
even when no notice was not engaged
dreaming then
the thing is that here I come to the funeral here
there were some relatives were dying and
there is a photo of her tears on
eyes right on the photo honestly here
all the time think oh my goodness why
all the pictures are crying but the dead
that is, dead people and the same thing i
noticed in the cemetery when these
portraits there, too, that's when they take
photography there stones make ceramics there
to the monument the same thing on the monument then
the same effect is the crying eye
that is, you feel right here for me
this here was a hundred percent what man
dead if if the photo here i am
I need to watch TVs also shows
photos of missing I look oh he
crying all the mean myrtle but I don't speak
nobody just for myself that's it for
me it's kind of self-evident but it's for
me and everyone have such a sign when
you work a lot you already understand what
so for you it is so displayed on
Photo
they and so on are put phantom and
see whether the soul comes here
when you work with a dead soul
comes but not always if he is many
represented it comes stand soul
or he is not in peace too souls come
Here's how all of these would diagnostics
then actually very very much here
we are more detailed and more correct
the dough will be school dreaming like
tune in how to sit down how to see how
visualize liven up photo
photography needs photography in general
image it is necessary to create a phantom of
this image with a photograph that is
creating a phantom so that the phantom is like
copy energy copy of man well
if you want the astral body, that is, we
created us astral body if phantom
became alive
I did not become a dead here and so that is
general many tricks